Annotation scheduler.alpha.kubernetes.io/tolerationsWhitelist Registered (#40403)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

Reviewer: We could mention that the annotation value is a JSON document.

Author: Sure. it will be helpful i will add the same

Author: @sftim I changed as per the comments. PTAL!

This annotation requires the [PodTolerationRestriction](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#podtolerationrestriction) admission controller to be enabled. This annotation key allows assigning tolerations to a namespace and any new pods created in this namespace would get these tolerations added.

### scheduler.alpha.kubernetes.io/tolerationsWhitelist {#schedulerkubernetestolerations-whitelist}

Example: `scheduler.alpha.kubernetes.io/tolerationsWhitelist: '[{"operator": "Exists", "effect": "NoSchedule", "key": "dedicated-node"}]'`

Used on: Namespace

> This annotation also requires the [PodTolerationRestriction](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#podtolerationrestriction) admission controller to be enabled. This annotation key adds lists of allowed tolerations to the namespace. In case of any conflict between tolerations of a pod and the tolerations of its namespace, the tolerations of the pod is checked against this list. The pod request is admitted only if the check succeeds.

Reviewer 2: nit from docs.

```suggestion
This annotation requires the [PodTolerationRestriction](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#podtolerationrestriction) admission controller to be enabled. This annotation key adds lists of allowed tolerations to the namespace. In case of any conflict between tolerations of a pod and the tolerations of its namespace, the tolerations of the pod is checked against this list. The pod request is admitted only if the check succeeds.
```

Author: Hm. I missed the link , thanks for the review @divya-mohan0209

This annotation requires the [PodTolerationRestriction](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#podtolerationrestriction) admission controller to be enabled. This annotation key allows assigning tolerations to a namespace and any new pods created in this namespace would get these tolerations added.

### scheduler.alpha.kubernetes.io/tolerationsWhitelist {#schedulerkubernetestolerations-whitelist}

Example: `scheduler.alpha.kubernetes.io/tolerationsWhitelist: '[{"operator": "Exists", "effect": "NoSchedule", "key": "dedicated-node"}]'`

Used on: Namespace

> This annotation requires the [PodTolerationRestriction](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#podtolerationrestriction) admission controller to be enabled. This annotation value is a JSON document. It's key adds lists of allowed tolerations to the namespace. In case of any conflict between tolerations of a pod and the tolerations of its namespace, the tolerations of the pod is checked against this list. The pod request is admitted only if the check succeeds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This annotation is only useful when the (alpha)
[PodTolerationRestriction](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#podtolerationrestriction)
admission controller is enabled. The annotation value is a JSON document that defines a list of allowed tolerations
for the namespace it annotates. When you create a Pod or modify its tolerations, the API server checks the tolerations
to see if they are mentioned in the allow list. The pod is admitted only if the check succeeds.
```

Reviewer: This was almost OK to merge, but:
- all on one line
- The  wording was a bit too far away from idiomatic American English

Try this instead?
